[AI Config Cookbook] Prompt Routing Demo (#141)
lastmile-ai/aiconfig: cookbook/Teaching Assistant/README.md

# AI Teaching Assistant

> This demo shows how a simple use case of prompt routing with AI config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how a simple use case of prompt routing with AIConfig.
```
